Ze Yi
I had expected this day
So my company's business
I never wanted you to interfere
Now you have your own company too
I hope you will be better.
Xiaolan
Our family is like this now
I don't think your dad will let you marry
uncle
It's better to turn yourself in
Can reduce punishment
How's it going?
It's my dad
Now he's turning himself in.
Wait until I get these things sorted out.
I will contact you as soon as possible.
No, it's okay.
Then you work first
Then I won't bother you.
Hello, this is Mr. Song Shoukang, right?
You are suspected of tax evasion and the amount of tax evasion is too large.
Create fake accounts
False contract, false accusation, framing, etc
We are now arresting you according to law.
Please cooperate with our work.